Now let's finish up this module by having a look at the submit button here.
Right now we're not using it,
I'm always displaying all the data down there.
Now I want to simply hook up this submit button,
so I want to add a click listener to it
and on this click listener, I will add prevent to prevent the form submission because this button here
is the only button in my form element
and if you get a button in a form element, it will by default once you hit it, submit that form to the
server.
Now we don't want to do that because our server is not the place where we want to handle it,
we want to handle it with vuejs,
.
therefore the prevent modify makes sure we're not sending a request to the server, instead we prevent
this default behavior and let vuejs handle that.
So here I will simply add an event or method
I want to execute, submit it
and then I need to add this here to my methods property or object down there in my vue instance, here
I got my submitted method and here, I simply want to say it is submitted, of course I have to create this
property to true.
That means that here I can now create this new property or I have to create this new property which is
set to false initially and I want to use this property to conditionally show or not show this data
panel,
so this whole row here. I will add v-if here, I can simply check if isSubmitted, that will be a boolean
true or false
and if it is false like it is initially, we shouldn't see that data field, only after we hit the button
should we see it.
So if I save this and go back,
we indeed see the data field is gone.
Now let's enter some data in our input here
and if I hit submit, we see it up here, down there with the data we added.
And with this, we can still update it of course because this is how this is set up
but now we're able to use our submit button.
Very important here,
the prevent option here which makes sure we're not submitting it to the server
and then we can go from there and handle our data in the submitted method.